the end he did not even the beginning
what's happening guys this is James
blonde from MMO hakam with a quick
weekly recap for MMO news and
announcements for the weekend in July
first 2013 and first off in the news
this week is fire fall in its final
closed beta milestone which happened
last Thursday on the 27 red 5 studios is
giving current beta testers two weeks of
exclusive access to the new milestone
before open beta on july ninth allowing
loyal fans an early look at the
much-anticipated pvp esports game type
jet ball and the first story based
episode Blackwater anomaly kicking off
red fives world story reveal Blackwater
anomaly is designed as an immersive
cooperative experience for five person
squads players will finally get to
venture out of New Eden into the melting
storm that is taking over the world
showcasing fire falls upcoming open beta
and storyline is a live action teaser
which to be honest with you looks like
it'd make a pretty decent TV show sort
of like defiance or falling skies the
next bit of news I know viewers have
been asking about lately has to do with
nava noogie there have been a lot of
recent updates to the game but as of
last Tuesday the saga era has begun an
episode 1 fates origin the demon is now
available in-game saga era is set to
deliver players new content from June
twenty-eighth all the way through
September sixth which features all new
quests new NPCs to meet a brand new
storyline and plenty of in-game events
including the black dragon raid players
should also know to tune into mabinogi
website for a new video like the one
playing in the background showcasing a
new piece of the story every friday at
6pm pacific daylight time well it looks
like we have more news from killer combo
this week with else or transformation
evolution series first it was just
playing transformation and now its
transformation evolution you know it
sounds good last week started the new
series with the launch of the newest
class called infinity sword the new
series will yet again add new classes
for each of L sorts six characters the
infinity sword class is an enhanced
version of the sheath
night class retaining the ability to
dual wield swords and gains all new
capabilities and an exciting new look
this incredibly fast melee class will
also have the big impact on l swords PvP
mode as with the transformation series
before adding plenty of new strategy for
players to implement on their play
styles last Thursday marked early access
for gun dog and mMOHut players the rest
of the players started up this past
weekend for this game's open beta now
for those of you are not familiar with
the game gun dog is a third-person
shooting game featuring various breeds
of dogs as the main characters but it's
the tactical trading card and RPG
elements that make the game unique
various cards allow players to work
towards specialized units and it's
definitely a game that brings new twist
to the usual shooter game so it might be
worth shot hi-rez Studios has been
pretty busy this month rolling out a
series of major changes to smite in
terms of character redesigns map
balances new items and new active and
consumable options working its way into
the eSports scene these updates have
given players so much more strategic
decisions that can get them that extra
mile distinguishing the higher
competitive tears the latest update
revamps the primary 5v5 conquest mode
including larger lanes and adjusted
audio distance to make it easier to
navigate the camera and fight with in
the jungle yet more difficult to
identify enemy activity sneaking between
lanes and stealing jungle mobs base
itself has also been adjusted to a
smaller more manageable size with a nerf
to the Phoenix respond times thrown in
to keep the balance between offense and
defense on par but the cool thing is the
aphrodite skin
a new update has come to the Aurora
world as of last week this new patch is
packed with shiny new content including
a peek at all the latest content in the
next chapter video playing in the
background the level cap has been
increased to 70 and players can now join
up with other players to take on new
challenges that lie ahead with new
skills they unlock for each profession
not to mention new armor weapons and
areas to explore the much-anticipated
nation wars has arrived during the patch
along with upgrades to the servers and
new server locations have been added to
reduce lag now's a good time to hop in
the game to tag along in some of the
celebratory in-game events microvolts is
on their next theme of the week it seems
this time it's clockwork wings a mixture
of steampunk and nature the latest
update makes a capture the battery mode
available on the toy garden map and of
course the steampunk nature theme works
its way into the various weapons and
gear in the game but the capsule machine
is now upgraded to show stats and
players can now purchase rock tokens
directly in game area games is adding
new content for its recruits in the open
beta of soldier front 2 players to now
arm themselves with plenty of newly
released weapons try out the new xscape
mode and plan for more maps that weren't
available in closed beta in the new
xscape mode one team must first reach
and activate a signal point to call down
a helicopter and then fight their way to
an extraction point whereas the opposing
team just has to stop their enemies from
ever reaching a helicopter in the first
place there are a lot of new features
out of the game since the closed beta
and all of them are available to all
players now in open beta new details
have emerged from you rebirth a new
adaptation of new online originally
referred to Mew Chronicle are this
exciting new adaptation focuses heavily
on intense PvP interaction and features
three exciting new components first off
faster leveling players can get up to
level 400 in just two hours that's
ridiculous the rebirth feature after
reaching level 400 players can
strengthen their characters by starting
again at level 1 to accumulate more
points while their stats remained a
level
100 and of course new free items players
can earn in-game cash for new weapons
and armor that wasn't available before
it's not new to like people were
expecting but all of this and more will
be open to players coming this wednesday
the third the new tactical turn-based
MOBA style game from sneaky Games arena
of Heroes is completely available to
players cross-platform in this game
players can choose from a variety of
unique heroes to form their team of four
to go to the tower apex arena and battle
their opponents currently there are 13
heroes available and new ones will
arrive all the time it's an interesting
take on a mobile style game especially
since its term base you might want to
check it out pick it up in your iPad or
on your PC then you can play it again on
your iPad and then again on your PC
Marvel heroes is having a 10-day
star-spangled sale for the fourth of
July and players can save on almost
every hero and costume available I'm not
going to go into too much detail but
discounts are up to fifty percent on a
lot of characters the nice thing is if
players recently purchased the
characters that are now going on sale as
of jun 25th they'll refund the
difference in in-game currency our last
bit of news for this week has to do with
planetside 2 in the new battle islands
coming to our axis these islands are
designed to emulate the live game as
closely as possible but in a tighter
space to encourage outfit versus outfit
competitive close quarters gameplay all
the gear vehicles and features will be
available just with fewer places to hide
and not so massively open in the video
playing in the background is a sneak
peek of one of the battle islands called
Nexus some of you might recognize this
as a throwback from the original
planetside but with that said that about
wraps up the MMO news and announcements
for this week like always if you're
looking for more information about the
news featured here check the links in
the description below otherwise head
over to mmoattack com / news feel free
to discuss the news in the comments
below or head over to mMOHut com /
forums but until next time guys that's
going to be it for me I'm James blonde
see out there gamers